CODINGO is an online all-in-one platform for coders where they can code, doodle, and implement via contests. Once the user visits ‘CODINGO’, he has to first log in to the account he has the access of. If he is the user is here for the first time, he has to Sign-up to start with his journey of ‘CODINGO’. Once the user login/ signup, he is transferred to our dashboard. The dashboard contains a brief description of the code editor, doodle board, and contests, with images attached to it that help us to understand the website in a better and more efficient way. There are three buttons in the dashboard that allows us to move from one page of the site to another. 

The buttons that are present on the dashboard are: a COMPILER, which is an IDE to write and compile codes in different languages like C, C++ and Python. It also allows various users to download written code/ notes as a text file. The second component of CODINGO is to provide the coder with a Doodle board which comes in handy while solving questions online. It contains various options like pen, pencil, and eraser using which a person can scribble their thoughts while coding anytime and anywhere. Also, CODINGO consists of a list of upcoming contests across various coding platforms. Which provides the user to improve their skills by practicing.

Also, there is a logout option that allows the user to sign out from the web page whenever the user wants to exit from the site or wants to login back with a different account. The user is allowed to create multiple accounts and can get access to the site anytime and anywhere with the only requirement being an active internet connection.

